# Chapter 3
AUP- Acceptable use policy, what is permitted
Biometrics- Fingerprints or retina scans
Bluetooth- RF technology for networking
BPA- Outline of a business partnership
Due Care- Reasonable expecation of degree of care under similar circumstances
Due Diligence- Reasonable steps person or entity should take to satisfy legal/contract agreements
Guidelines- Recommendations for a policy
HVAC- Heating/Ventilation/AC, for heating a building
IEEE - Standards for wireless devices
Incident Response Policy- Polices that outline how organizations prepare for security incidents
ISA- Interconnection security agreement, agreements between partities to establish procedures for cooperation and security.

MOU- Memorandum of undestanding- a document executed between two parties for an agreement
Physical Security- Actions for regulating physical access
Policies- High level, broad statements that the org wants to accomplish
Procedures- Step by step instructions on how to implement policies
Security Policy- The policy is a high level statement produced by senior management for what it means to the org
Service-Level Agreement (SLA)- An agreement between parties concerning the expected or contracted uptime associated with a system
Standards- Mandatory elements regarding the implementation of a policy.
TEMPEST- Eavesdropping through van eck,  the field
UPS- Uninterruptible supply of power, even in the event that power is lost
User Habits- Front line tools to engage workforce and improve security.

###
POLICIES: High-level, broad statements of what the organization wishes to accomplish
PROCEDURES: Step-by-step instructions on how to do it (how to act in situation X, etc.)
STANDARDS: Mandatory elements regarding the implementation of a policy, can be externally-driven
GUIDELINES: Recommendations relating to a policy, not mandatory steps

LIFECYCLE: PLAN, IMPLEMENT, MONITOR, EVALUATE
Vulvernability Assessment- attempt to identify and prioritize list of vulnerabilities, penetration test- method to check the security of a system by 
simulating an attack by a malciious individual to ensure security is accurate. 

Security Policy- High level statement produced by senior management that outlines what security means, main policy, and should include other policies in change management, data
HR policies, etc.
Change management ensures proper procedures are followed when modifications to IT infrastructure are made.
Management implies process is controlled in some systemic way, it includes request of change, review and approval of the process, examining consequences,
implementing change, and documenting the process.

DATA POLICIES
Who owns the data? Data requires an owner; data ownership is a business function. Not all data requires same handling, but these characteristics must be defined.
It is important to ensure no unauthorized data sharing. 
Data backup requirements involve determining level of backup, restoring objectives, and level of protection requirements
Data classification requires data labeling, so that personnel can know if it is sensitive and what level of protection is needed. 
Need to know/Least Privledge, absolute minimum amt of information provided, as well as who can grant info/assign privledges
Data should be fully destroyed, shredded, etc. Security should be considered in all employee circumstances. 

HR POLICIES
Humans are weakest links, policies needed for hiring, disgruntled, and leaving employees; on-boarding, and off-boarding. 
Code of ethics that demand honesty and professionalism, as well as principles of privacy and confidentiality.
Hiring should incorporate reviews, status changes. Retirement, separation, and termination of employees should also be considered.
Mandatory vacations are a good idea as they can stop issues such as fraud or embezzlement, and may give the employer the ability to detect issues. 
Social networking policies are also important.

AUP otlines what is acceptable for employees to use or view, limits liability and should clearly delineate activities not allowed.
Email usage policies are one example. 
Clean desk policy- employees shouldn't leave out their password or sensitive information, since it can be compromised. 
BYOD policy- to lower the risk associated with connecting a wide array of devices to the network.

